Updating OpenShift glossary items for new guidance (#50)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/glossary_terms_conventions/product_conventions/openshift.adoc

*Description*: API objects are the resources that can be exposed by an API server
at an endpoint for interrogation.

> When referring to terms that are API objects, if it is important to make the distinction that the context is in reference to the actual API object (like when defining or editing an object), use the proper PascalCase `Kind` for the object, and mark it up in monospace. For example:

Reviewer: I would suggest revising this initial sentence to be more directly prescriptive: "When referring to an API object that shares its name with a common term, use the proper PascalCase `Kind` for the object, and mark it up in monospace. For example:"

Author: Thanks! I've reordered (because we want people using the general reference guidance if possible) and clarified a bit so it's not so long winded.

* `Pod`
* `Node`
* `DaemonSet`
* `ConfigMap`

Example object-specific usage: _The default amount of CPU that a container can use if not specified in the `Pod` spec._

> However, any other general references to the terms should use lower case, and separate multi-word API objects. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, use lowercase for any other general references to the terms, and separate multi-word API objects. For example:
```

IBM style suggestions here: remove the 'should', the passive, and change spelling of lowercase

Author: Thanks, removed!

==== cluster (noun)
See xref:cluster[cluster] in the _General Conventions_ part.

[discrete]
[[config-map]]
==== config map (noun)
*Description*: A config map holds configuration data for pods to consume. The API object for a config map is `ConfigMap`.

*Use it*: yes

> *Incorrect forms*:

Reviewer 3: List plain-text "configmap" and "configuration map" here?

*See also*:

[discrete]
[[custom-resource]]
==== custom resource (noun)

> *Description*: A custom resource (CR) is a resource implemented through the Kubernetes `CustomResourceDefinition` API. A custom resource is distinct from the built-in Kubernetes resources, such as the pod and service resources. Every CR is part of an API group.

Reviewer 3: I wonder if "distinct from" is too strong, making it sound like they behave differently or are somehow managed more specially than the built-in resources. Maybe to add a bit more context as to why they're distinct, if sticking with that wording:

"While custom resources behave the same as the built-in set of Kubernetes and OpenShift resources, such as the pod and service resources, custom resources are distinct in that they are added to the cluster by administrators either manually or by installing Operators, and therefore may not be available on all clusters by default.

That's a long sentence but you get the idea. Also added "OpenShift resources" in there so that one doesn't assume that we consider the default OpenShift-provided ones as "custom resources" either (I'm not actually sure whether technically they are, though).

Author: Thanks, I've replaced that sentence with your suggestion.

*See also*:

[discrete]
[[custom-resource-definition]]
==== custom resource definition (noun)
*Description*: A custom resource definition (CRD) defines a new, unique object `Kind` in the cluster and lets the Kubernetes API server handle its entire lifecycle.

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*:

*See also*:

[discrete]
[[deployment]]
==== deployment (noun)

> *Description*: A statement of intent by a user to roll out a new version of a configuration. A replication controller can be used for that and other purposes. All deployments are replication controllers, but not all replication controllers are deployments. To avoid confusion, do not refer to an overall OpenShift installation, instance, or cluster as an "OpenShift deployment".

Reviewer 3: "A replication controller can be used for that and other purposes. All deployments are replication controllers, but not all replication controllers are deployments."

These (old) sentences are strange/vague (first sentence) or not worth mentioning (second sentence) to me, but also leaves out replica sets, which at this point are more common than replication controllers AFAIK (since Deployments are preferred to DeploymentConfigs). I might just remove them, and possibly also add a sentence that asscoiates Deployments with ReplicaSets and DeploymentConfigs with RelicationControllers (I notice now that "replication controller" has an entry but "replica set" does not).

Author: Thanks. Agree - I've removed those two sentences. And below where I mention the two deployment objects, I added whether they use replication controllers or replica sets.

The API object for a deployment can be either a Kubernetes-native `Deployment` object or an OpenShift-specific `DeploymentConfig` object.

*Use it*: yes

> *Incorrect forms*:

Reviewer 3: Add "deployment configuration" here?
